
      THINGS TO DO FOR THE SHEAFHOM 2.2 RELEASE
                    February 2007

...except that in March-July 2007 we decided not to have a 2.2 release.

Settle on which declarations to use and which not.

Get the working copy into publishable form.

Check unit-test-5.lisp for the tests in sparse-v and csparse.

All files should start with (in-package :shh2), but the unit tests
should be in cl-user.

Lispy icon in the Java windows?

Test on all types of sparse-elt: Z as cons, 31991 as cons, 12379 as
cons, mod p as defstruct.  Get good units to load automatically for
whichever one you load.  Document how to choose to load each one.  You
can only load one cons version at a time, but any number of the
defstructs.  Nothing is wrong with the defstructs except memory
efficiency.  "If the whole computation will use only one ring, use the
cons version for that ring."

Test on CLisp and ABCL as well as Allegro.  Document this fact.

Ultimate goal: announce on comp.lang.lisp and sci.math.research.  That
will call for a short but professional abstract, plus a link to my
home page (and Lispwire if it's up to date).

Get the big comment at the top of sparse-elt.lisp into the reference
manual.  Label it as crucial for which domain you want to work over,
as well for what a sparse-elt is.

Just before publishing
--delete all files not for release: make4N, p3, cardp3, sl4dat, eqco4N,
  TODO*.txt, copies of *multi-file-...* in make.lisp, etc.
--convert tabs to spaces

THINGS TO POST ON MY SITE:
--installation notes in README.txt
--installation notes at the top of the reference manual(?)
--some intro essay in the reference manual(?)
--the source code
--reference manual in pdf via latex
--reference manual in html (as zip file) via latex2html

THINGS TO POST ON LISPWIRE:
--description (abstract; mine in 2.1 was too long?)
--installation notes as in README.txt
--tutorial
--other links will hopefully take care of themselves in the raw entry

After releasing, compare dir /O:EN on shh22prerel and shh22 and put
back things we took out: three group files, *BLACK.lisp, group exports
in make.lisp, group compile-and-load in make.lisp, TODO.txt,
eigenhelper.txt, category.lisp and homolalg.lisp and two-complex.lisp
and all their exports and compile-and-load's in make.lisp, etc.
